com/example/crepe/ui/dialog/CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderGraphQuery.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderGraphQuery
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderGraphQuery$1
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderGraphQuery$2
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderGraphQuery$3
com/example/crepe/databinding/NavHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.NavHeaderBinding
com/example/crepe/ui/dialog/CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderDataField.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderDataField
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderDataField$1
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderDataField$2
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderDataField$3
com/example/crepe/databinding/DialogAddCollectorFromConfigDescriptionBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.DialogAddCollectorFromConfigDescriptionBinding
com/example/crepe/CrepeAccessibilityService.java
 com.example.crepe.CrepeAccessibilityService
com/example/crepe/database/User.java
 com.example.crepe.database.User
com/example/crepe/databinding/DialogAddCollectorFromConfigBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.DialogAddCollectorFromConfigBinding
com/example/crepe/databinding/CollectorInfoBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.CollectorInfoBinding
com/example/crepe/databinding/CollectorDetailBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.CollectorDetailBinding
com/example/crepe/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.crepe.BuildConfig
com/example/crepe/databinding/DialogAddCollectorFromConfigDataFieldBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.DialogAddCollectorFromConfigDataFieldBinding
com/example/crepe/databinding/DialogAddCollectorFromUrlCollectorInfoBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.DialogAddCollectorFromUrlCollectorInfoBinding
com/example/crepe/ui/dialog/AddConfig.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.AddConfig
com/example/crepe/databinding/CollectorCardBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.CollectorCardBinding
com/example/crepe/ui/dialog/CreateCollectorFromURLDialogBuilder.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromURLDialogBuilder
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromURLDialogBuilder$1
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromURLDialogBuilder$2
com/example/crepe/databinding/DialogAddCollectorFromConfigSuccessMessageBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.DialogAddCollectorFromConfigSuccessMessageBinding
com/example/crepe/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/crepe/databinding/DialogAddCollectorFromConfigGraphQueryBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.DialogAddCollectorFromConfigGraphQueryBinding
com/example/crepe/database/Datafield.java
 com.example.crepe.database.Datafield
com/example/crepe/databinding/FragmentDataBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.FragmentDataBinding
com/example/crepe/database/Data.java
 com.example.crepe.database.Data
com/example/crepe/databinding/DialogAddCollectorFromUrlBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.DialogAddCollectorFromUrlBinding
com/example/crepe/ui/dialog/CreateCollectorFromURLDialogSuccessMessage.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromURLDialogSuccessMessage
com/example/crepe/ui/dialog/CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderDescription.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderDescription
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderDescription$1
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderDescription$2
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilderDescription$3
com/example/crepe/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.crepe.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/crepe/ui/dialog/CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilder.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CreateCollectorFromConfigDialogBuilder
com/example/crepe/ui/main_activity/CollectorCardConstraintLayoutBuilder.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.main_activity.CollectorCardConstraintLayoutBuilder
 com.example.crepe.ui.main_activity.CollectorCardConstraintLayoutBuilder$1
com/example/crepe/database/Collector.java
 com.example.crepe.database.Collector
com/example/crepe/database/DatabaseManager.java
 com.example.crepe.database.DatabaseManager
com/example/crepe/ui/dialog/CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$1
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$1$1
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$10
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$11
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$12
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$13
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$14
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$15
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$16
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$2
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$2$1
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$3
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$4
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$5
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$6
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$7
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$8
 com.example.crepe.ui.dialog.CollectorConfigurationDialogWrapper$9
com/example/crepe/ui/chart/CollectorInfoLayoutBuilder.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.chart.CollectorInfoLayoutBuilder
 com.example.crepe.ui.chart.CollectorInfoLayoutBuilder$DayAxisValueFormatter
com/example/crepe/MainActivity.java
 com.example.crepe.MainActivity
 com.example.crepe.MainActivity$1
 com.example.crepe.MainActivity$2
 com.example.crepe.MainActivity$3
 com.example.crepe.MainActivity$4
com/example/crepe/ui/main_activity/DataFragment.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.main_activity.DataFragment
com/example/crepe/ui/main_activity/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.main_activity.HomeFragment
com/example/crepe/ui/main_activity/CollectorCardDetailBuilder.java
 com.example.crepe.ui.main_activity.CollectorCardDetailBuilder
 com.example.crepe.ui.main_activity.CollectorCardDetailBuilder$1
 com.example.crepe.ui.main_activity.CollectorCardDetailBuilder$2
 com.example.crepe.ui.main_activity.CollectorCardDetailBuilder$3
